notes.md, before:

1. Installing with `stack`

   1. Run `stack install pubquiz-server --local-bin-path <path>`
   1. To install with `snap-server` running open SSL, run
      `stack install pubquiz-server --local-bin-path <path> --flag snap-server:openssl`
      (possibly, if this does not work, run `stack clean` and install `snap-server` with
       `stack build --flag snap-server:openssl`, but this may be an artifact of an earlier attempt)
   1. When running as a service, the working directory should contain the folder `log`,
      where `snap` will always automatically put access and error logs.
   1. After installation, there will be an executable file called `pubquiz-server-exe`,
      which can be called from the command line.
      This program needs the usual path and port parameters.

1. The following steps are required, but should be automated:
   1. Run `src/Db/Connection.performMigration`
   1. Add initial user(s) (this should be handled differently anyway)

1. The working directory (for the service configuration) should be the location of the
   `pubquiz-server` project or any other place, where there is a valid `config.txt`,
   which is required for accessing the database.


1. Installing the front end:
   1. Compile `elm make src/QuizInput.elm --output=input/input.js`
   1. Compile `elm make src/QuizOutput.elm --output=quizzes/output.js`
   1. Provide the `js` part of the Chart.js web component,
      i.e. install `npm install blissfully/elm-chartjs-webcomponent` anywhere,
      copy `node_modules/@blissfully` to a location of your choosing and
      set the path to said location in the `index.html` file in `quizzes`
      (to be more precise: in the target folder of the output compilation).

Commit message:

Add note about handling missing folders with missing rights

notes.md, after:

1. Installing with `stack`

   1. Run `stack install pubquiz-server --local-bin-path <path>`
   1. To install with `snap-server` running open SSL, run
      `stack install pubquiz-server --local-bin-path <path> --flag snap-server:openssl`
      (possibly, if this does not work, run `stack clean` and install `snap-server` with
       `stack build --flag snap-server:openssl`, but this may be an artifact of an earlier attempt)
   1. When running as a service, the working directory should contain the folder `log`,
      where `snap` will always automatically put access and error logs.
   1. After installation, there will be an executable file called `pubquiz-server-exe`,
      which can be called from the command line.
      This program needs the usual path and port parameters.
   1. Creation of missing folders may fail, if the service does not have the privileges to
      write at the specified location.
      In such a case: make sure that the target folder exists.
      Better yet: read the folder during the installation process and create it on the server.

1. The following steps are required, but should be automated:
   1. Run `src/Db/Connection.performMigration`
   1. Add initial user(s) (this should be handled differently anyway)

1. The working directory (for the service configuration) should be the location of the
   `pubquiz-server` project or any other place, where there is a valid `config.txt`,
   which is required for accessing the database.


1. Installing the front end:
   1. Compile `elm make src/QuizInput.elm --output=input/input.js`
   1. Compile `elm make src/QuizOutput.elm --output=quizzes/output.js`
   1. Provide the `js` part of the Chart.js web component,
      i.e. install `npm install blissfully/elm-chartjs-webcomponent` anywhere,
      copy `node_modules/@blissfully` to a location of your choosing and
      set the path to said location in the `index.html` file in `quizzes`
      (to be more precise: in the target folder of the output compilation).
